hi honey we're all here we just want to
wish you a Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas I miss you guys
is it horrible does everybody working
really hard uh well no it's just me and
Wendy Wendy that sounds like a girl's
name it is did I not tell you about her
about the time you told me about New
Year's Eve where's everybody else
I sent them home oh you are such a good
boss is she pretty
it's a faster answer faster I don't know
answer better answer better I don't
think of it that way you know and she's
a she's a colleague what does she do
there
oh she's regional vice president she's
just below me she did what
below me wait is Wendy the runner-up
Miss Oklahoma but she didn't win all
right well maybe I should let you and
the second prettiest girl in Oklahoma
get back to work well second prettiest
that year I mean of all the girls in
Oklahoma she's probably look Chandler
stop talking honey there's really
nothing to worry about okay I'm serious
okay
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas you guys
the wife says hi ah fine conversation oh
well she's just got this weird idea that
you know just because you and I are
alone that something's gonna happen huh
really hmm that'd be so terrible this is
probably the wrong thing to be worrying
about but you're getting ham on my only
tie wait a minute am i sexy in Oklahoma
no no no I'm married so I'm married I'm
happily married
oh what's that like all right so I'm
sorry
but seriously happily married so that
phone call before that was happy well
look it's not easy to spend this much
time apart you know and she's entitled
to be a little paranoid or in this case
right on money you know she's amazing
and beautiful and smart and if you were
here right now she'd kick your ass look
you're a really nice person I am
stealing an adultery aside but what I
have with my wife is pretty great so
nothing's ever gonna happen between us
okay
let me ask you something if what you and
your wife have is so great then why are
you spending Christmas with me oh I love
it
really you're not gonna return it full
of a second
Hey look you guys it's snowing Oh oh wow
it's so beautiful wow it really is Oh
Wendy's a fat girl name aren't we done
with that good fine let's talk about
snow do you think it's snowing in Tulsa
where my husband's having sex on a
copying machine
hey oh my god it's a Christmas miracle
what are you doing here I want it to be
with you I missed you so much
hey hey who'd you miss the most Monica
gotcha I never want to leave you again
but I thought if you left you get fired
turns out they can't fire me because I
quit what you you really quit your job
yeah a stupid job and I could not stand
leaving you and why should I be the only
one who doesn't get to do what he really
wants to do what do you really want to
do I have not thought this through